According to JPMorgan, average global lead times for the iPhone 17 family are “tracking to ~7 days, relative to ~2 days in Wk10 of the prior year,” a gap the firm stated highlights that “supply is yet to catch up relative to the very robust demand for the iPhone 17 cycle.”

The Base iPhone continues to stand out, recording the longest waits for the second straight week, according to the bank.

Weekly trends also showed unusual stability compared with the year before. Chatterjee wrote lead times “remained unchanged (relative to Wk9) (vs. a decrease of 1 day for prior year).”

The Base iPhone 17 is said to have held steady as well, whereas the Base iPhone 16 saw a one-day decline at the same point last year.

The bank added that wait times increased by one day for the iPhone Air, compared with a one-day decrease last year for the 16 Plus.

Lead times were steady for the iPhone 17 Pro and iPhone 17 Pro Max, contrasting with the one-day contraction recorded for both the 16 Pro and 16 Pro Max in Week 10 of the prior cycle.

(Bloomberg) -- Peter Thiel’s hedge fund Thiel Macro LLC sold off its holdings in Nvidia Corp. during the third quarter, marking another retreat from the leading provider of artificial-intelligence chips.

The fund offloaded its entire position of 537,742 shares in the world’s premier AI chipmaker, which would have been worth about $100 million based on the closing price from Sept. 30. The Thiel Macro fund now counts Apple Inc., Microsoft Corp. and a reduced stake in Tesla Inc. as its main bets, according to a 13F filing.

Thiel’s move comes at a time of rising concerns about an AI investment bubble, which turned Nvidia into the world’s most valuable company. Hedge fund manager Michael Burry has been perhaps the highest profile critic, disclosing bearish wagers against Nvidia and Palantir Technologies Inc.

Japan’s SoftBank Group Corp. also announced it sold off its shares in Nvidia in October for $5.83 billion, largely to help finance other AI investments. Thiel has been less bullish on AI development than SoftBank founder Masayoshi Son, but both men opted to exit their holdings around the time that Nvidia became the first company to breach a $5 trillion valuation.

Nvidia’s shares, which are up just roughly 2% since the end of September, slid about 1% in pre-market US trading. An analysis of 13F filings from 909 hedge funds found an even split of investor sentiment on the chipmaker: 161 increased their investment positions in Nvidia, while 160 decreased them during the three months to September. Opinions remain divided about the prospects for AI companies, which continue to raise and spend funds at elevated rates but have yet to demonstrate monetization models that would pay off the lofty investments.

Peter Thiel did not immediately respond to an email and a messaged request for comment outside regular business hours.

Thiel has also backed a US-based startup named Substrate, which aspires to compete in AI semiconductor production, as well as AI startups Mercor and Cognition AI, among his various venture capital bets.

Burry’s Scion Asset Management disclosed this month that it had bought put options on Nvidia and Palantir, positions that would benefit from declines in the stock prices. Burry, who rose to fame for his 2008 bet against the US housing market, also posted a cryptic message on X: “sometimes, we see bubbles.”

Burry later took issue with the accounting practices of hyperscalers — the companies that buy Nvidia chips — including Microsoft Corp. and Alphabet Inc. He pointed out that they have extended depreciation schedules for their investments in recent years, helping cut expenses and boost profits.

--With assistance from Newley Purnell, Lynn Doan and Blaise Robinson.

(Updates with Burry’s bet against Nvidia from third paragraph)

Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek

Many people associate Apple with well-designed, "cool" products. These include the iPhone, iMac personal computer, iPad, and Apple Watch. It also offers a host of services such as tech support, cloud services, the App store, and payment services (e.g., Apple Pay).

But Apple's iPhone, responsible for the highest portion of sales, remains the main driver. The product accounted for half of the company's $416.2 billion fiscal 2025 sales. The period ended on Sept. 27.

Fortunately, the product's sales, after a couple of sluggish years, began growing again this year. In the fourth quarter, iPhone sales grew 6.1% year over year to $49 billion.

The iPhone could see sales increase at a higher pace next year. Apple released its new version, the iPhone 17, in mid-September. It's early, but the new series had higher sales growth in the U.S. and China than its predecessor over the first 10 days after its release. Of course, the excitement of the new series could dim.

While the iPhone accounts for the biggest portion of Apple's top line, it's not the only significant contributor. The services business represented 26% of Apple's total revenue last year. It's been growing at a brisk pace, including a 15.1% revenue increase in the fourth quarter, to $25 billion.

Services also have a much higher gross margin than product sales. Last year, services had a gross margin of 75.4%, more than double the 36.8% posted by sales.

However, big product launches have failed to materialize or disappointed. This includes the Apple car and Vision Pro, its headset. While specific figures on Vision Pro aren't available, it's part of the wearables, home, and accessories segment that saw a 0.3% drop in fourth-quarter sales.

Amazon isn't merely an online retailer, although it's achieved presence and success in that area. It also sells devices like Alexa, Kindle, and Ring, and it has physical stores, including Whole Foods. These businesses are in the North America and International segments.


